docs: Explain project in README.md (#238)
openfoodfacts/taxonomy-editor: README.md

The Open Food Facts database contains a lot of information on food products, such as ingredients, labels, additives etc. To link this information to useful properties such as Nutri-Score, Agribalyse and many more, taxonomies are used within the database.

A taxonomy in Open Food Facts is a raw text file containing a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) where each leaf node has one or more parent nodes. It is mainly used for classification and translation of various food products within the database. Hence, taxonomies are at the heart of data structures in the Open Food Facts database and must be maintained properly. For more information see the [wiki page about Taxonomies](https://wiki.openfoodfacts.org/Global_taxonomies).

The [taxonomy files present in Open Food Facts](https://github.com/openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server/tree/main/taxonomies) are long to read (ingredients.txt taxonomy alone has around 80000 lines!) and cumbersome to edit by contributors.

This project aims to provide a web based user-friendly interface for editing taxonomies with ease. 

This tool can help a lot:
* enable searching and navigating the taxonomy

> * enable occasional users to contribute translations and synonyms and thus enrich the taxonomy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* enable anyone to contribute translations and synonyms, thus enriching the taxonomy
```

> * help spot problems in the taxonomy (missing translations, missing pathes, etc.), get useful statistics about it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* help spot problems in the taxonomy (missing translations, missing paths, etc.), and get useful statistics about it
```

* provide helpers to assist power contributors in enriching the taxonomy (eg. find corresponding wikidata entry)

> * offer an API to the taxonomy for third party applications (complementing the exsting API)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* offer an API to the taxonomy for third party applications (complementing the existing API)
```

> ## Why is this project appealing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why is this project appealing?
```

> * Python and ReactJS stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Python and ReactJS tech stack (a powerful combo)
```

> * it uses a graph database: Neo4J and you can do a lot of useful and interesting requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sses a easy-to-learn graph database - Neo4J, using which you can do a lot of useful and interesting requests
```

* not so huge and focused, you can quickly get your hands on it

> * it can have a hudge impact on Open Food Facts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* it can have a huge impact for Open Food Facts:
```

  * more language support: reaching more countries
  * better analysis of ingredients: more allergy detection, potential finer computation of environment scorer
  * better classification of products: enable product comparisons, environment score computations, etc.
  * enabling more taxonomies: for example on brands to know food producers

## How to help

> Currently we are focusing on having a basic usable product. See [Move to MVP v2](https://github.com/openfoodfacts/taxonomy-editor/issues/167).
> A typescript migration is also in progress, we also try to simplify the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently we are focusing on bringing the application to a minimum viable product. See [Move to MVP v2](https://github.com/openfoodfacts/taxonomy-editor/issues/167).
A typescript migration is in progress, and we are also trying to simplify the API as well.
```
